modulestate:AimAssist:true
modulestate:Ambience:false
setting:Ambience:time:19000.0
modulestate:Animations:true
setting:Animations:Animation:Exhibition
modulestate:AntiBot:false
setting:AntiBot:mode:Watchdog
modulestate:AntiVoid:false
setting:AntiVoid:mode:Blink
modulestate:Aura:false
setting:Aura:Range:5.0
setting:Aura:Min CPS:16.0
setting:Aura:Max CPS:16.0
setting:Aura:KeepSprint:true
setting:Aura:Type:Multi
setting:Aura:AutoBlock:vanilla
setting:Aura:Switch Delay:100.0
modulestate:AutoClicker:true
modulestate:AutoHypixel:false
setting:AutoHypixel:Go to lobby after ban:true
setting:AutoHypixel:AutoPlay:true
setting:AutoHypixel:Insults:false
modulestate:Blink:false
modulestate:ChestESP:false
modulestate:Click GUI:false
keybind:54
setting:Click GUI:mode:dropdown
setting:Click GUI:outline:Theme
modulestate:Criticals:false
setting:Criticals:Mode:Watchdog Semi
modulestate:Disabler:false
setting:Disabler:mode:Watchdog
modulestate:ESP:true
modulestate:Fast Place:true
modulestate:Flight:false
setting:Flight:mode:Vanilla
setting:Flight:speed:4.0
modulestate:Fullbright:true
modulestate:HvH:false
modulestate:Hypixel:false
modulestate:Interface:true
setting:Interface:Interface:Novoline
setting:Interface:Theme:Dream
setting:Interface:Background:false
setting:Interface:Suffix:true
setting:Interface:Color Speed:10.0
setting:Interface:Color Separation:10.0
setting:Interface:Hide Render:true
modulestate:Jesus:true
modulestate:KeepSprint:true
modulestate:LegitScaffold:false
modulestate:LongJump:false
modulestate:Manager:false
setting:Manager:delay:50.0
setting:Manager:inventory only:true
setting:Manager:while not moving:true
setting:Manager:sword slot:1.0
setting:Manager:pickaxe slot:2.0
setting:Manager:axe slot:3.0
setting:Manager:shovel slot:4.0
setting:Manager:block slot:5.0
modulestate:NameHider:true
modulestate:NoFall:true
setting:NoFall:mode:Packet
modulestate:NoHitDelay:true
modulestate:NoRotate:true
setting:NoRotate:Mode:Cancel
modulestate:NoSlow:true
setting:NoSlow:mode:Vanilla
modulestate:NoWeb:false
modulestate:Notifications:true
modulestate:Phase:false
modulestate:PingSpoof:false
setting:PingSpoof:Spoof:false
modulestate:Reach:true
setting:Reach:reach:5.8
modulestate:Rich Presence:false
modulestate:Scaffold:false
setting:Scaffold:client side rotations:None
setting:Scaffold:server side rots:180
setting:Scaffold:sprint:disabled
setting:Scaffold:tower:normal
setting:Scaffold:same Y:false
setting:Scaffold:item spoof:true
setting:Scaffold:extend:6.0
modulestate:Scoreboard:false
modulestate:SessionStats:false
setting:SessionStats:Mode:Novoline
modulestate:Speed:false
setting:Speed:mode:FastStrafe
modulestate:Spider:false
modulestate:Sprint:true
setting:Sprint:Omni:false
modulestate:Stealer:false
setting:Stealer:min:50.0
setting:Stealer:max:100.0
modulestate:Step:true
setting:Step:Mode:Watchdog
modulestate:TargetHUD:true
modulestate:Timer:false
setting:Timer:Amount:1.0
modulestate:Velocity:true
setting:Velocity:mode:Standard
setting:Velocity:horizontal:2.0
setting:Velocity:vertical:100.0
modulestate:WaterStrafe:false
